Mr. Gu, what about in the future?
I will deliver Xiaoxue to you.
Xiaoxue, after you and Mr. Gu get married
You must be a good wife and mother
You must take good care of Mr. Gu and Dad Tou Dou
Don't worry.
In-laws and in-laws
What about this little snow?
By mistake, she gave birth to a child for our Gu family
What about this town?
I'm not an irresponsible man.
Call you here to eat
Mainly to meet the two families
Discuss the marriage of two children
As for this dowry?
You can say whatever you want.
Oh my mother
Xiaoxue can marry Mr. Gu
This is his blessing
What else do you want?
Ah, yes, yes, the bride price.
We don't want a penny.
My daughter became a housekeeper
What do you want in the future?
Our generals have followed suit
After all, these dowries are not worth mentioning
What about this bride price?
Must give
Otherwise, this Haicheng family will say that we are stingy
How about 10 million?
Ouch, hahaha, hey.
In-laws and mothers listen to you hahaha
I'm here to treat you to dinner today
I want to discuss with you the 10 million bride price
Add it, it's a pity that this marriage can't be married.
Cancan
You bad girl
What's the mess
Get out of here!